>> Sean Larkin: What I really wanna
do is just kinda start diving into
using Webpack.
Let's use it for
the first time, from scratch.
A lot of the code that we're gonna work on
today is gonna be coding along with me.
And so [LAUGH]
I love to preface this and
say, I'm probably one of
the least creative people
as possible when it comes
to building the web app.
And we're just gonna talk about the core
pieces, so it may not be the most visual.
It's not gonna be Sarah Drasner doing
these beautiful page transitions with SVG
animations, not at all,
although those are really great.
We're gonna be just doing bare-bones,
because the whole point is that you,
like every single one of your
workflows are completely different.
And so trying to pull up something
that's already created and
walk through it is not gonna
provide as much value as it is
being able to just start from scratch,
build as you go.
And then understanding that you have
the flexibility to do anything,
anyway that you want.
And especially, I think some people
would say Sean, there is no.
Actually, there's
a Twitter thread yesterday.
Somebody who was from the Rails community
was ripping on Webpack and his first
response was, I guess the problem is that
there isn't one right way to do things.
I'm like yeah, it's the web.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Sean Larkin: There is no one solution
for what you're trying to create.
If every web application was made the
exact same way, Webpack wouldn't exist.
We wouldn't need it.
But that's not the case.
We all have unique challenges.
We either work for finance, or e-commerce,
completely different domains of
things that you're trying to solve.
And things are gonna be completely more or
not important to you.
So if you haven't cloned this
repo already, go ahead and do so.
And I actually want you to check out.
So there's a lot of branches
that are there, and
we'll probably jump back and forth.
If you feel like you're lost
at any time please speak up.
Because this is the most important part,
is you experiencing how to do it, and
having the confidence of doing it.
So there is a branch
that you can check out.
And so, let's see,
let's just pretend I'm on master, okay?
All right, so I'm asking you to look, and
you're like Sean, there is nothing here.
That's the point,
we're starting from scratch.
So we're gonna jump to git checkout
feature, feature I can't spell,
/01-fem-first-script.
>> Sean Larkin: All right,
>> Sean Larkin: So you're going to
see that there are a billion dependencies
in here, but that's intentional.
I use Yarn myself, who uses NPM?
Okay, so
the commands are gonna be the exact same,
the only difference is
if I'm running a script.
Or if I'm installing anything
I'll probably use Yarn,
I'll just type yarn
instead of npm install.
So if you wanna go ahead right
now you can run npm install.
And it's gonna pull down
a whole bunch of dependencies,
cuz of course the Webpack
ecosystem is huge.
And so you have a lot of different
integrations and things to choose from.
And we may not cover every
single one of these, but
we are gonna touch on
definitely the fundamentals.
And how to include these features
into your application, or
as you're building it.
And so I'll run it myself, run yarn or
npm install, either is fine.
You might see some dependency warnings,
that's okay, that's NPM [LAUGH].
Now while you're doing that, and
I hear the multicore fans kicking
in on your Macs and your PCs.
So while this is happening I'm gonna
give kind of a high level overview, or
we're just gonna look and work through
understanding how scripts work, right?
So if you've never been familiar
with the NPM ecosystem,
you'll probably wonder how
the heck you run anything, right?
You're using Node, that's a prerequisite,
and you need to actually run Webpack.
So when you install packages, or
you might notice if you do npm install,
you could do --save-dev.
I usually recommend if it's NPM,
you do npm install -dev.
If you don't, that's okay too.
>> Sean Larkin: But regardless,
what NPM does is it takes and
adds a .bin folder inside
your node_modules.
And these are the executables for all of
the modules that have been downloaded.
And so
each of these have some sort of CLI or
binary executable,
including Webpack itself.
And so to actually run these,
if I was just to try and
do webpack in here,
it doesn't work, it fails, see?
It says webpack not found.
So what NPM does is it allows
you to run scripts that
hoist that binary package
within its scope.
So this gives you the opportunity, so
the first thing we'll literally do here.
Now I know that there's a script field
already, but if you wanted to have
that from scratch experience,
you can literally just add a scripts key.
Or a scripts key, and
then the object is the value.
Now basically how this works,
is you can have anything in here.
It could be seanlarkin, and
then what NPM will allow you to do is,
you can run any sort of command from here.
It can be any sort of even Bash command,
but
the difference is now you have those
binary executables in this scope.
So for example,
if I wanted to run Webpack,
all I have to do is type webpack here,
right?
So now to run it, it's either npm run and
name of that script, right?
>> Sean Larkin: But why don't we,
just for the sake of following along,
we just rename it to build?
Or we can even call it webpack.
I like that, because then I know
exactly what that's running.
So if I just said, npm run webpack and
I saved this, oops.
>> Sean Larkin: There we go,
that's the feedback I'm used to seeing.
That's the default console output for
Webpack.